Fix #3695: add attributes to get_meter fn and InstrumentationScope (#4015)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3965](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/3965))
- Validate links at span creation
  ([#3991](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/3991))

> - Fix to add attributes field in get_meter and instrumentationScope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add attributes field in  `MeterProvider.get_meter` and `InstrumentationScope`
```

>   ([#3695](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/3695))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ([#4015](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/4015))
```

  ([#3778](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/3778))
- Fix license field in pyproject.toml files
  ([#3803](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/3803))

> - Fix to add attributes field in get_meter and instrumentationScope

Reviewer 2: You need to add this to the top Unreleased section

Author: oh apologies, my bad. i'll fix it. thanks!
